Spring cleaning part 1: Remove `ConsistentRNG`, silence StatsTools tests (#178)
joachimbrand/Rimu.jl: docs/src/randomnumbers.md

# Random numbers in Rimu

Rimu uses Julia's built-in random number generator, which currently defaults to
[Xoshiro256++](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Random/#Random.Xoshiro).

> There is currently no official way to change the RNG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we should just not say this.

## Reproducibility

If you want FCIQMC runs to be reproducible, make sure to seed the RNG with
[Random.seed!](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Random/#Random.seed!) and to use [`lomc!`](@ref) in single-threaded mode by passing it the `threading=false` keyword argument.

> MPI-distrubted runs can also be made reproducible by seeding the RNG with [mpi_seed!](@ref).

Reviewer: The link is broken. Maybe because the quotes are missing, or the package name?
```suggestion
MPI-distributed runs can also be made reproducible by seeding the RNG with [`RMPI.mpi_seed!`](@ref).
```
